adding notes from infrastructure working group (2022-2024) (#1)
the-turing-way/infrastructure-working-group: meeting-notes/20231207-notes.md

# 07-12-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 10

Attendees:
- Jim
- Angus
- Sarah
- Ale
- Brigitta

Notes:
- Help Angus to understand the sense of this meeting
- What we would like to accomplish 

> - Angus backgroung: using jupyterhub for some time. Experience with Onboarding people ---> Jupyterhub has a barrier if people are not technical 

Author: ```suggestion
- Angus backgroung: using Jupyter Book for some time. Experience with Onboarding people ---> Jupyter Book has a barrier if people are not technical 
```

>     - Identify core offerings from Jupyterhub

Reviewer: I think all mentions of JupyterHub here are actually meant to be Jupyter _Book_ as that is the project Angus is working on

Author: Oh yes, I can see what you mean! Thanks @sgibson91 - did I get all the corrections here?

>     - How can we onboard new users into the new Jupiterhub notebook ---> figure out if there are opportunities of new features that could be beneficial for the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - How can we onboard new users into the new Jupyter book ---> figure out if there are opportunities of new features that could be beneficial for the community
```
